Welcome back and welcome to this task.
In the next couple of tasks, we will create an IoT Hub and
Stream Analytics job to analyze data
from IoT device on wind turbine. IoT data will be simulated
with Visual Studio Code application that will send IoT
data to the Stream Analytics job which will route received data.
Let's start with creating an IoT Hub and IoT hub device.
Go to the home screen of the portal.
I will just click on Home and click on Create Resource. 
Type IoT in the search box and click on IoT Hub and click
on Create. Choose your Resource group, choose your region.
Mine... the closest to me is West Europe, and choose the IoT hub
name which has to be globally unique.
So I will name mine iothubdeansavovic. And Review
and create. And click on Create.
Now we are redirected to deployment progress page.
You can now pause the video and wait for deployment to finish.
The deployment is complete.
Now go to Resource and go to the IoT devices, as we
will now create IoT hub device identity. Click on New
and for device ID enter WindTurbineSensorID.
Okay, make sure authentication type is Symmetric key.
Auto-generate keys is checked, connect this device to an IoT hub
is enabled and click on Save. And you have created
WindTurbineSensorID. Click on the device and copy
Primary Connections String by clicking on the Copy button.
Okay, and now open Notepad.
Okay, maximize it and paste the connection string
in the Notepad, you will need it later.
Next, we will create an IoT device simulator using Visual
Studio Code that is already prepared and ready for your
analysis.
Please pause the video and analyze the code when we go
come to that stage. 
First, let's minimize
Notepad.
Minimize the browser.
Minimize Windows Explorer and open Visual Studio Code
by double clicking the icon on the desktop.
When the Visual Studio Code opens, click on file and open
folder, click on Desktop and double click 
Wind Turbine and select Folder.
This will open our project. Project is very simple.
It only has Program.cs file.
Click on it and let's quickly go through it.
The program has a class simulated device which has
some properties.
And the most important method is Send Device to Cloud
Messages Async
which randomizes data
and says the speed of the wind turbine, says
the temperature vibrations, and so on.
And what is the most important part is located below, and I
will show it to you now. It's this, telemetry message
Properties Add Sensor VSTell.
This is a log message.
So sensor id is the key, VSTell is the value and down
under that is sensor id.
VSlog, which is a log message.
I'm sorry.
The previous was telemetry message.
So the real data, VSTell. Okay?
This is the telemetry data and this is the log data.
Okay, you can now pause the video and analyze the code further.
What we have to do now is change the connection string
to the IoT hub device which you pasted in the Notepad
previously and this is located at the top.
All right, here on the 44th line.
Private read only statics string as device connections string,
and you have here in double quotation marks connection
string.
So go to Notepad.
Select all by pressing CTRL+A.
Copy
the string.
Go back to Visual Studio Code and paste
over this... and paste.
Okay, OK, now click on file.
Save. Okay, it's saved.
And now go to terminal and type dotnet run. And the same
simulator should start now.
Start connecting to the IoT
hub device and start producing messages in the terminal of
what has been done.
Okay, telemetry data has been sent.
Log data has been sent telemetry sent, and so on. Leave it
running because we will need in the next task.
So, uh, in this task, you created IoT hub and
IoT hub device identity.
You also analyzed Visual Studio Code that sends log and telemetry
data to
IoT hub.
In the next task, we will create Stream Analytics Job that
will route telemetry and log messages.
See you in the next task.