Welcome back.
Welcome back to this task.
In this task you will create a Power BI dashboard using live
data from Stream Analytics job you created in the previous
task. So now we will go to the Power BI tab.
There should be a third tab if you followed along all
the demos. The tab that says Data visualization Microsoft Power BI.
Click on Sign in and you should be, if logging prompts you,
then enter your username and password.
Choose your workspace
if you have multiple and under your chosen workspace,
you should see dataset called telemetry.
Click on it.
This is the dataset created by Azure Stream Analytics job.
Now we will create a report.
First visualization we will choose is Gauge.
So click on it and click on vibe to put it under value, right
here. Now click on the canvas.
Select the visualization we just created and now
chose Clustered Bar Chart, this one, and put vibe under... and put
Spike and Dip Score under value.
This one. It automatically goes to values.
Okay. Now choose Card as visualization type.
First select the visualization, choose card
as visualization type, and put Spike and dip
anomaly under fields, like this.
Okay. And for the last visualization will be line chart
expanded like this.
Okay, put time under access, like this, and the Spike and deep
score under values.
Okay. And now, under time filter, open the time filter.
Choose relative time and choose "is in the last one hour".
Because we don't have much data
and this report choose the "is in the last hour". Collapse
the filters, collapse visualizations, collapse fields, so we
can see our report. Click on the Save icon to save
this report.
Give it a name.
For example,
telemetry report. We can Save.
The report is now here.
We can click on it and you can pin these visualizations on
the dashboard, like this, pin visual. We don't have any
dashboards.
I don't have it.
Maybe you have, but I don't.
So I would create a new one.
I will call it dashboard telemetry.
And I will pin all other visuals also,
pin it to now existing dashboard, pin, okay.
And for the last one,
just close this,
pin visual.
Click on pin button, close this pop up.
And go to dashboards.
Click on your newly created dashboard.
Organize a bit.
Put it..
Put the visuals to the smallest possible size so we can see
them all.
Okay, put this line chart here.
Okay. And drag Is Spike and Dip Anomaly under here.
Okay, and expand this a little bit.
So what you can see now is live chart, like dashboard.
You can see these
values moving. Okay, and this vibe should also change over
time like this.
So this is near real time data from the IoT device in the
Power BI dashboard.
So, in this task we created a PowerBI dashboard from
dataset created and populated from Stream Analytics
job. Dashboard is live and near little time.
And in this project, you learned about Stream Analytics
service in Azure and how to create inputs, outputs and
queries to transform data. You also learned how to use Visual
Studio Code to simulate IoT hub device,
you created the IoT hub and Event hub to receive and send
messages from simulated wind turbine.
This is the last task in the project. Don't forget to clean
up your Azure portal, resource groups you used.
Let's do that together.
So close this and close this, go to Home.
Go to Resource groups, click on your resource group.
Okay, click on Select all.
If you don't need this anymore and click on delete,
only if you don't need this anymore. Now type Yes
and confirm delete, and click on delete button.
Okay, that's it for this project.
Happy learning and see you in the next project.